# njs-tfso-bankaccount-validation

Validation of IBAN and BBAN numbers and other country specific bank account formats. Extendable with custom validations

# Rules

## Swedish Bban rules

Implementation is based on this document:

-   https://www.bankgirot.se/globalassets/dokument/anvandarmanualer/bankernaskontonummeruppbyggnad_anvandarmanual_sv.pdf

And ading supporting for 5 digit clearing number as well:

-   https://www.swedbank.se/privat/betala-och-overfora/konton/clearingnummer/5-siffriga-clearingnummer-som-borjar-pa-siffran-8.html

## Change log

The [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) is automatically generated by [`auto-changelog`](https://github.com/CookPete/auto-changelog) by analysing PR, tags and commits.

# Contribution

You are welcome to contribute to the project by creating a pull request. Please follow the guidelines below to
contribute effectively.

## Creating a Pull Request (PR)

To create a pull request, follow these steps:

### 1. Clone the repository

### 2. Create branch

-   Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.

```shell
git checkout -b feature/your-feature
```

### 2. Make Changes

-   Make your changes and ensure they follow our coding standards.

### 3. Commit Changes

-   Include `#deploy_branch` in your commit message in order to create a prerelease of your branch

```shell
git add .
git commit -m "Descriptive commit message #deploy_branch"
```

### 4. Push Changes

-   Push your changes to the repository.

```shell
git push origin feature/your-feature
```

### 5. Open a Pull Request

-   Go this repository on GitHub
-   Click on "New Pull Request."
-   Provide a detailed description of your changes.
-   Add a reviewer to your pull request.

## Prerelease

If you need to test your branch during development, create a commit that includes `#deploy_branch` in the commit message.
This will trigger a prerelease, allowing you to test in your project without creating a full package release.

### CICD rules

-   auto prerelease on commit message `#deploy_branch`
-   auto prerelease from `main` branch

## Release

To create a new official release that update the `latest` release of the package, follow these steps:

### 1. Merge to Master

-   Ensure your changes are merged into the main branch.

### 2. Draft a New Release

-   Go to the GitHub repository.
-   Click on the "Releases" tab.
-   Click "Draft a new release."

### 3. Tag the Release

-   Choose a version number following semantic versioning (e.g., v1.0.0).
-   Provide release notes summarizing the changes since the last release.

### 4. Publish the Release

-   Click "Publish release" to make it official.

Thank you for your contribution!
